Add section about requirements for cluster update (Closes #645) (#650)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/admin-updates.adoc

[[handling_updates]]

== Update Requirements

[IMPORTANT]
====
Attempting a cluster update without updating the installed packages pattern on the management node, can lead to an incomplete or failed update.
====

> Before upgrading a {productname} cluster, it's required to upgrade packages installed by the `SUSE-CaaSP-Management` pattern on the management workstation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before updating a {productname} cluster, it's required to update packages installed by the `SUSE-CaaSP-Management` pattern on the management workstation.
```

> The cluster upgrade depends on updated skuba, but might also require new helm / {tf} or other dependencies which will be updated with the refreshed pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster update depends on updated skuba, but might also require new helm / {tf} or other dependencies which will be updated with the refreshed pattern.
```
